in that day this song will be sung in
in that day this song will be sung in the land of juda we have a strong City
the land of juda we have a strong City
the land of juda we have a strong City God will appoint salvation for walls and
God will appoint salvation for walls and
God will appoint salvation for walls and bulwarks open the gates that the
bulwarks open the gates that the
bulwarks open the gates that the righteous nation which keeps the truth
righteous nation which keeps the truth
righteous nation which keeps the truth may enter in you will keep him in
may enter in you will keep him in
may enter in you will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on
perfect peace whose mind is stayed on
perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you because he trusts in you trust in
you because he trusts in you trust in
you because he trusts in you trust in the Lord forever for in yah the Lord is
the Lord forever for in yah the Lord is
the Lord forever for in yah the Lord is everlasting strict for he brings down
everlasting strict for he brings down
everlasting strict for he brings down those who dwell on high the lofty city
those who dwell on high the lofty city
those who dwell on high the lofty city he lays it low he lays it low to the
he lays it low he lays it low to the
he lays it low he lays it low to the ground he brings it down to the dust the
ground he brings it down to the dust the
ground he brings it down to the dust the foot shall tread it down the feet of the
foot shall tread it down the feet of the
foot shall tread it down the feet of the poor and the steps of the needy the way
poor and the steps of the needy the way
poor and the steps of the needy the way of the just is a brightness o most
of the just is a brightness o most
of the just is a brightness o most upright you weigh the path of the just
upright you weigh the path of the just
upright you weigh the path of the just yes in the way of your judgments O Lord
yes in the way of your judgments O Lord
yes in the way of your judgments O Lord we have waited for you the desire of our
we have waited for you the desire of our
we have waited for you the desire of our soul is for your name and for the
soul is for your name and for the
soul is for your name and for the remembrance of you with my soul I have
remembrance of you with my soul I have
remembrance of you with my soul I have desired you in the night yes by my
desired you in the night yes by my
desired you in the night yes by my spirit within me I will seek you early
spirit within me I will seek you early
spirit within me I will seek you early for when your judgments are in the earth
for when your judgments are in the earth
for when your judgments are in the earth the inhabitants of the world will learn
the inhabitants of the world will learn
the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness let grace be shown to the
righteousness let grace be shown to the
righteousness let grace be shown to the wicked yet he will not learn
wicked yet he will not learn
wicked yet he will not learn righteousness in the land of uprightness
righteousness in the land of uprightness
righteousness in the land of uprightness he will deal unjustly and will not
he will deal unjustly and will not
he will deal unjustly and will not behold the majesty of the Lord Lord when
behold the majesty of the Lord Lord when
behold the majesty of the Lord Lord when your hand is lifted up they will not see
your hand is lifted up they will not see
your hand is lifted up they will not see but they will see and be ashamed for
but they will see and be ashamed for
but they will see and be ashamed for their envy of people yes the fire of
their envy of people yes the fire of
their envy of people yes the fire of your enemy shall devour them Lord you
your enemy shall devour them Lord you
your enemy shall devour them Lord you will establish peace for us for you have
will establish peace for us for you have
will establish peace for us for you have also done all our works in us
also done all our works in us
also done all our works in us Oh Lord our God masters besides you have
Oh Lord our God masters besides you have
Oh Lord our God masters besides you have had dominion over us but by you only we
had dominion over us but by you only we
had dominion over us but by you only we make mention of your name they are dead
make mention of your name they are dead
make mention of your name they are dead they will not live they are deceased
they will not live they are deceased
they will not live they are deceased they will not rise therefore you have
they will not rise therefore you have
they will not rise therefore you have punished and destroyed them and made all
punished and destroyed them and made all
punished and destroyed them and made all their memory to perish you have
their memory to perish you have
their memory to perish you have increased the National Lord you have
increased the National Lord you have
increased the National Lord you have increased the nation
increased the nation
increased the nation you are glorified you have expanded all
you are glorified you have expanded all
you are glorified you have expanded all the borders of the land Lord in trouble
the borders of the land Lord in trouble
the borders of the land Lord in trouble they have visited you they poured out a
they have visited you they poured out a
they have visited you they poured out a prayer when your chastening was upon
prayer when your chastening was upon
prayer when your chastening was upon them as a woman with child is in pain
them as a woman with child is in pain
them as a woman with child is in pain and cries out in her pangs when she
and cries out in her pangs when she
and cries out in her pangs when she draws near the time of her delivery so
draws near the time of her delivery so
draws near the time of her delivery so have we been in your sight O Lord we
have we been in your sight O Lord we
have we been in your sight O Lord we have been with child we have been in
have been with child we have been in
have been with child we have been in pain we have as it were brought forth
pain we have as it were brought forth
pain we have as it were brought forth wind we have not accomplished any
wind we have not accomplished any
wind we have not accomplished any deliverance in the earth nor have the
deliverance in the earth nor have the
deliverance in the earth nor have the inhabitants of the world fallen your
inhabitants of the world fallen your
inhabitants of the world fallen your dead shall live together with my dead
dead shall live together with my dead
dead shall live together with my dead body they shall arise awake and seeing
body they shall arise awake and seeing
body they shall arise awake and seeing you who dwell in dust for your do is
you who dwell in dust for your do is
you who dwell in dust for your do is like the dew of herbs and the earth
like the dew of herbs and the earth
like the dew of herbs and the earth shall cast out the dead come my people
shall cast out the dead come my people
shall cast out the dead come my people enter your chambers and shut your doors
enter your chambers and shut your doors
enter your chambers and shut your doors behind you hide yourself as it were for
behind you hide yourself as it were for
behind you hide yourself as it were for a little moment until the indignation is
a little moment until the indignation is
a little moment until the indignation is passed for behold the Lord comes out of
passed for behold the Lord comes out of
passed for behold the Lord comes out of his place to punish the inhabitants of
his place to punish the inhabitants of
his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity the earth
the earth for their iniquity the earth
the earth for their iniquity the earth will also disclose her blood and will no
will also disclose her blood and will no
will also disclose her blood and will no more cover her slain